1.  Your design probably has a type called something like Car or Vehicle that is a supertype to both Volvo and Scania. 
    What is the contract for gas() and brake() in this type? Do the implementations of gas() and brake() 
    both Volvo and Scania follow this contract? Does your design follow the Liskov Substitution Principle?

    The contract for gas and brake in Vehicle is "if gas is able to gas and you give me a double between 0 and 1 i will
    increment the speed of the vehicle" and "if break is able to break and you give me a double between 0 and 1 i will 
    decrement the speed for the vehicle" respectivly. Volvo and Scania follows the contract of gas() and brake(). 
    The design follows Liskov Substitution Principle.


2.  How did you handle duplicated code between Scania, the car transporters and the repair shops? 
    Explain how you decided when to use subclassing and when to use composition and delegation.
 
    At first we made a subclass of type Truck and made that a superclass to Scania and CarTransporter. But since
    Truck only held one method we decided to delete it and had Scania and CarTransporter be subclasses of vehicle directly.
    The only duplicated code was speedFactor(). We decided to make speedFactor() a protected method which we then override
    in Volvo240 and Saab95.
    There was dublicated code between the two flatbed implementations and the two load implementations.
    Therefore, we used delegation and composition to get rid of dublicated code.  
    We made an interface flatbed and an interface load, incase more vehicles would use
    the flatbed interface or the load interface. 
    


3.  Did you need to modify the design from lab 1 in order to make these extensions? 
    If so, how could you have noticed that your design from Lab 1 did not follow the Open-Closed Principle before you 
    started working on Lab 2?

    Yes we needed to modify our design. We could have realised if we wanted other types of vehicles than Car that would have
    led to a lot of dublicated code if we did not have a superclass Vehicle. 
    We also had duplicated code of decrementspeed() and incrementspeed(), we could have realised that and put it in the
    superclass.